feat(skore): Add MAE and MAPE as default regression metrics (#2765)
probabl-ai/skore: CHANGELOG.rst

  expose :meth:`get_state` / :meth:`from_state` helpers to support more robust
  serialization and deserialization across skore versions than plain pickling.
  See :pr:`2741` by :user:`cakedev0`.
- :meth:`~EstimatorReport.metrics.mae`,
  :meth:`~EstimatorReport.metrics.map` (and equivalent methods on
  :class:`~skore.CrossValidationReport` and :class:`~skore.ComparisonReport`) are
  now available as default regression metrics, exposing mean absolute error (MAE)

>   and mean absolute percentage error (MAP). See :pr:`#2765` by :user:`direkkakkar319-ops`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mean absolute error (MAE) and mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) are now
  available as default regression metrics. See :pr:`#2765` by
  :user:`direkkakkar319-ops`.
```
